Add README (#87)
viperproject/gobra: README.md

        - silicon -> ..\silicon
        - carbon -> ..\carbon
        - viperserver -> ..\viperserver
4. Install Z3 and Boogie. 
    Steps (iii) and (iv) are specific to Boogie and only necessary when using Carbon as verification backend.
    1. Get a Z3 executable. A precompiled executable can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3/releases). 
      We tested version 4.8.6 64-Bit.

>     2. Set an environmental variable `Z3_EXE` to your Z3 executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Set the environment variable `Z3_EXE` to the path to your Z3 executable.
```

    3. Get a Boogie executable. Instructions for compilation are given [here](https://github.com/boogie-org/boogie).
        [Mono](https://www.mono-project.com/download/stable/) is required on Linux and macOS to run Boogie.
        Alternatively, extract a compiled version from the Viper release tools
        ([Windows](http://viper.ethz.ch/downloads/ViperToolsReleaseWin.zip), [Linux](http://viper.ethz.ch/downloads/ViperToolsReleaseLinux.zip), [macOS](http://viper.ethz.ch/downloads/ViperToolsReleaseMac.zip)).

>     4. Set an environmental variable `BOOGIE_EXE` to your Boogie executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Set the environment variable `BOOGIE_EXE` to the path to your Boogie executable.
```
